[14.0][FIX] fleet: remove obsolete table fks (#3322)
OCA/OpenUpgrade: openupgrade_framework/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

* Run migration scripts for modules that are installed as new dependencies
  of upgraded modules (when there are such scripts for those particular
  modules)
* Production databases generated with demo data, will be transformed to

>   non-demo ones. If you want to avoid that, you have pass in environment
>   the key OPENUPGRADE_USE_DEMO = "yes".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  non-demo ones. If you want to avoid that, you have to pass through the
  environment variable OPENUPGRADE_USE_DEMO, the value "yes".
```
